Before testing the code please do the following
	Change the information for connecting to turing to your login information
	Create a database in turing by copy and pasting the DATABASE.sql file into putty

The following features are available in our project:
	Create a user
	Log in
	Evaluate a Car
	View User Evaluated Cars
	Log out
	Change password
	

Our code has all of the required features for project 1. Challenges included figuring out how to implement a user input form that dynamically changes using javascript, including a forgot password feature, and formatting our website. Javascript is not something that we had covered yet but we wanted to implement a feature that dynamically changed drop down menu options so that the users could get a smooth way to input a car. If the menus did not change then the user may have been able to input a car that is not in the database.

When evaluating a car, it is not possible to store two cars that are identical in car id. For example, I can not store two Ford Bronco's while logged in as the same user. We store each valued car under a dual primary key pair of user id and car id. The users_cars table stores all of the features that the user chose on the home page as well. The final price is reflective of modifications done to the car when evaluating it.




Nick:
	homepage.php: way to value a car that is in our database. Can only store unique cars
	history.php: view all of the cars you have valued
	dynamicDropDownYear.php: refresh dropdown menus. These were implemented by using an example online but modifying it to our needs.
	dynamicDropDownModel.php: refresh dropdown menus
	
Emily:
	login.php: users login to their account and are directed to home page
	logout.php: users can logout of their account and are directed to the login page
	mysqli_connect.php: connects database to Turing (Aubrea created the original structure that the database connects to for MAMP)

Aubrea:
	DATABASE.sql
	config.php
	header.html
	footer.html
	forgotpassword.php: Sets a new passsword for user accounts

Corey:
	layout.css
	registration.php: Users can create an account
